[Serve][Doc] Add FAQ Page (#11258)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/faq.rst

   * - ``request.get(..., form={...})``
     - ``handle.remote({...})``
     - ``request.form``
   * - ``request.get(..., params={"a":"b"})``
     - ``handle.remote(a="b")``
     - ``request.args``
   * - ``request.get(..., data="long string")``
     - ``handle.remote("long string")``
     - ``request.data``
   * - ``N/A``
     - ``handle.remote(python_object)``
     - ``request.data``

.. note::

    You might have noticed that the last row of the table shows that ServeRequest supports
    Python object pass through the handle. This is not possible in HTTP. If you
    need to distinguish if the origin of the request is from Python or HTTP, you can do an ``isinstance``
    check:

    .. code-block:: python

        import flask

        if isinstance(request, flask.Request):
            print("Request coming from web!")
        elif isinstance(request, ServeRequest):
            print("Request coming from Python!")

.. note::

    Once special case is when you pass a web request to a handle.

    .. code-block:: python

        handle.remote(flask_request)

    In this case, Serve will `not` wrap it in ServeRequest. You can directly
    process the request as a ``flask.Request``.

> 

Author: New content starts here

> How fast is ray serve? 

Reviewer: This section could use a bit more structure the content is good but the structure is too conversational.

Can you create sub-sections for latency, throughput, and any others that are relevant.

----------------------

> We are continuously benchmark Ray Serve. We can confidently say Ray Serve's

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are continuously benchmarking Ray Serve. We can confidently say Ray Serve's
```

> overhead is single digit millisecond, often times just 1-2 milliseconds. So

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
overhead is single digit milliseconds, often times just 1-2 milliseconds. So
```

> overhead is single digit millisecond, often times just 1-2 milliseconds. So
> that's the latency. What about throughput? Serve is horizontally scalable. This
> means you can just add more machines. If you double the machine, you can double
> your queries per second. On a single machine with few cores, Serve can achieve
> about 3-4k qps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
overhead is single digit milliseconds, often times just 1-2 milliseconds. For throughput, Serve achieves about 3-4k qps on a single machine, but is horizontally scalable so you can add more machines to increase the overall throughput.
```

> How does Ray Serve make projects scalable without Flask?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Does Ray Serve use Flask?
```

Reviewer: +1

--------------------------------------------------------
Flask is only used as a web request object for servable to consume the data.
We actually use the fastest Python web server: uvicorn as our web server,
alongside with the power of Python asyncio. To emphasize Flask is just the request

> object and data type. Not the web server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
object and data type, not the web server.
```

Reviewer: please link to uvicorn

Reviewer: instead of saying to emphasize, put it in bold and state 

**Flask is ONLY the request object that we are using, Uvicorn, not flask, provides the webserver.**

Can I use asyncio along with Ray Serve?
---------------------------------------
Yes! You can make your servable methods ``async def`` and Serve will run them
concurrently inside a Python asyncio event loop.

Are there any other similar frameworks?
---------------------------------------
Yes and no. We truly believe Serve is unique as it gives you end to end control
over the API while delivering scalability and high performance. To achieve
something like what Serve offers, you often need to glue together multiple

> frameworks like Tensorflow Serving, SageMaker, or even rolling your own

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
frameworks like Tensorflow Serving, SageMaker, or even roll your own
```

batching server.

How does Serve compare to TFServing, TorchServe, ONNXRuntime, and others?
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ray Serve is *framework agnostic*, you can use any Python framework and libraries.
We believe data scientists are not bounded a particular machine learning framework.
They use the best tool available for the job.

> Compare to these framework specific solution, Ray Serve doesn't perform any optimization

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Compared to these framework specific solution, Ray Serve doesn't perform any optimizations
```

to make your ML model run faster. However, you can still optimize the models yourself
and run them in Ray Serve: for example, you can run a model compiled by
`PyTorch JIT <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/jit.html>`_.

How does Serve compare to AWS SageMaker, Azure ML, Google AI Platform?
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Ray Serve brings the scalability and parallelism of these hosted offering to
your own infrastructure. You can use our :ref:`cluster launcher <cluster-cloud>`

> to deploy Ray Serve to all major public clouds, K8s, as well as on premise.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to deploy Ray Serve to all major public clouds, K8s, as well as on bare-metal, on-premise machines.
```

> Compare to these offerings, Ray Serve lacks unified user interface and functionality

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Compared to these offerings, Ray Serve lacks a unified user interface and functionality
```

let you manage the lifecycle of the models, visualize it's performance, etc. Ray

> Serve focuses on just model serving. You can build your own ML platforms by running
> on top of Ray Serve.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Serve focuses on just model serving and provides the primitives for you to build your own ML platform on top.
```

How does Serve compare to Seldon, KFServing, Cortex?
----------------------------------------------------
You can develop Ray Serve on your laptop, deploy it on a dev box, and scale it out
to multiple machines or K8s cluster without changing one lines of code. It's a lot
easier to get started with when you don't need to provision and manage K8s cluster.
When it's time to deploy, you can use Ray :ref:`cluster launcher <cluster-cloud>`
to transparently put your Ray Serve application in K8s.

Compare to these frameworks letting you deploy ML models on K8s, Ray Serve lacks
the ability to declaratively configure your ML application via YAML files. In
Ray Serve, you configure everything by Python code.

How does Ray Serve scale behave on spikes?
------------------------------------------

> Ray Serve has an experimental autoscaler that scales up your model replicas
> based on load. We can improve it and welcome any feedback! We also rely on the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can easily scale your models just by changing the number of replicas in the `BackendConfig`.
Ray Serve also has an experimental autoscaler that scales up your model replicas
based on load. We can improve it and welcome any feedback! We also rely on the
```

Ray cluster launcher for adding more machines.

Is Ray Serve only for ML models?
-------------------------------------------

> Nope. Ray Serve can handle arbitrary Python programs.
> (This means it can handle arbitrary Ray programs as well!)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Nope! Ray Serve can be used to build any type of Python microservices application.
You can also use the full power of Ray within your Ray Serve programs, so it's easy to run parallel computations within your backends.
```
